So watch this.
This is Mr. Dong
For this little three by my side
I actually put my whole family in Yongning Club
That membership card is cancelled
Let's comment.
Is there any law here?
Are there any rules?
Dong Fansheng is so unreasonable
Yeah, it's too much.
Yongning Club treats VIPs like this
At a loss, I am still their member.
It's so chilling
Qin Yue, don't confuse right and wrong here
Nonsense
If it weren't for the two of you making trouble at Yongning Club
How could Yongning Club put the two of you?
Pull into the blacklist
Laugh at us for making trouble
We are a senior member of Yongning Club
It's your job to serve us
And we're here to take this trash out.
I think everyone here
I don't want to be at leisure
Being delayed by this kind of waste
In the leisure club, it is also divided into three, six, nine, etc.
To put it that way
Everyone in this room has to get out
Enough Ye Feng
Let you, a low-level migrant worker, do your best
It's already a big disrespect for Miss Shangguan
You are still in front of everyone in Ningcheng
After Linmen, the Great Open Jue Temple
You really don't take the Shangguan family seriously
And this little three
Dong Fansheng, you bring him in
Is to lower our status
It is. It is.
Bring the little third husband
His blanket is so big
He is not afraid
Dirty our Miss Shangguan's eyes
Kick these two out
So as not to dirty Miss Shangguan's place
Come on, I'll see who dares